Salesforce Adobe Target Actions Public Beta Changes (#2780)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/salesforce/index.md

strat: salesforce
id: 54521fda25e721e32a72eeef
---

Segment's Salesforce destination allows you to identify leads without using SOAP APIs.

> info ""
> Segment is aware of Salesforce's plans to enforce multi-factor authentication in 2022, and advises migrating to our new [Salesforce (Actions) destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/) which supports OAuth 2.0.

> success "Good to know"

> > This page is about the classic Salesforce Segment destination. There's also a page about the new [Salesforce (Actions) destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/). Both of these destinations receive data _from_ Segment. We recommend using the new Salesforce (Actions) destination for additional functionality and flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This page is about the classic Salesforce Segment destination. There's also a page about the new [Salesforce (Actions) destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/). Both of these destinations receive data _from_ Segment. Use the new Salesforce (Actions) destination for additional functionality and flexibility.
```

> > success ""
> > **Good to know**: This page is about the classic Salesforce Segment destination. There's also a page about the new [Salesforce (Actions) destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/). Both of these destinations receive data _from_ Segment. We recommend using the new Salesforce (Actions) destination for additional functionality and flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> success "Good to know"
> This page is about the classic Salesforce Segment destination. There's also a page about the new [Salesforce (Actions) destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/). Both of these destinations receive data _from_ Segment. We recommend using the new Salesforce (Actions) destination for additional functionality and flexibility.
```
